c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\ZermeloAPI.dll.config
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\ZermeloAPI.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\ZermeloAPI.pdb
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.IO.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.IO.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\bin\Debug\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\obj\Debug\ZermeloAPI.csproj.App.config
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\obj\Debug\ZermeloAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\obj\Debug\ZermeloAPI.dll
c:\users\gebruiker\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ZermeloAPI\ZermeloAPI\obj\Debug\ZermeloAPI.pdb
